README.md, before:

# 🚀 Atlas
```
       _______ _                _____ 
    /\|__   __| |        /\    / ____|
   /  \  | |  | |       /  \  | (___  
  / /\ \ | |  | |      / /\ \  \___ \ 
 / ____ \| |  | |____ / ____ \ ____) |
/_/    \_\_|  |______/_/    \_\_____/ 

🚀 This is Atlas. Fast. Fuel efficient. The official rocket of Firebolt Space Agency.
We chose to build Atlas not because it is easy, but because it is hard.

- Aaron Ma & Rohan Fernandes
```

## Alert! Please Read!
We, Aaron Ma and Rohan Fernandes are preparing a special holiday release for April Fool's Day 2020. Stay tuned for updates!

FOR ROHAN & AARON:

Please check your assignments and grades in ASSIGNMENTS.md

## Atlas Info
@TODO(aaronhma, rohan): Update

![Loading...](./svg/loader/material.svg) Loading...

## Getting Started Guide
@TODO(rohan): write docs
**The Docs: For Testing**

To start: Go to the HoneyComb Folder 

Execute Command: **Python** Server.py 

This starts the Server

On your command Prompt you will see a number

Go to localhost:{} Instead of putting {} put the number that u get

**INFO**

Usually the NUmber will be 5000

**ERROR HANDLING WITH HOSTS**

If it goes to another website, go to HoneyComb's Server.py and in App.run change the Port to another number ( The Number You will see in the Command Prompt ) 

To change in do this : **Port = {number}** : where nuumber is the port number you want

**Short Cut for LocalHost**

What you can do is copy the link or **Windows**: Control/Alt + Click **Mac** Control + Click **Linux**: Control/C + Control/V

@TODO: Rohan make docs for OnBoard, Aaron supply OS for machine running the code

**Website**


**TADA** You will see the website.

@TODO(aaronhma): figure out a way to access firebolt internal

![Loading...](./svg/loader/material.svg) Loading...

## Examples
@TODO(rohan): write docs

@TODO(aaronhma): create atlas examples

## Atlas Status
| Component    | Status           | Submitted By  |  Remarks  |
| ------------ |   -------------  | -----         | ----      |
| Stage 1      | ![Build Passing](./svg/build/passing.svg) | aaronhma | Passed.     |
| Stage 2      | ![Build Failing](./svg/build/failing.svg) | aaronhma | Failed.     |
| Stage 3      | ![Build Failing](./svg/build/failing.svg) | aaronhma | Failed.     |
| Honeycomb    | ![Build Passing](./svg/build/passing.svg) | rohan    | Passed.     |
| SkyHawk      | ![Build Failing](./svg/build/running.svg) | aaronhma, rohan | Building.....     |
| Skyforce     | ![Build Passing](./svg/build/passing.svg) | aaronhma, rohan | Passed.     |
| PTurtle      | ![Build Passing](./svg/build/passing.svg) | rohan    | Passed.     |

[Information not correct? Contact maintainer to correct](mailto:hi@aaronhma.com)

**Combined with mini-projects: Skyforce, PTurtle and more!**

Commit message:

Contact_Error by updating root README.md

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Atlas
```
       _______ _                _____ 
    /\|__   __| |        /\    / ____|
   /  \  | |  | |       /  \  | (___  
  / /\ \ | |  | |      / /\ \  \___ \ 
 / ____ \| |  | |____ / ____ \ ____) |
/_/    \_\_|  |______/_/    \_\_____/ 

🚀 This is Atlas. Fast. Fuel efficient. The official rocket of Firebolt Space Agency.
We chose to build Atlas not because it is easy, but because it is hard.

- Aaron Ma & Rohan Fernandes
```

## Alert! Please Read!
We, Aaron Ma and Rohan Fernandes are preparing a special holiday release for April Fool's Day 2020. Stay tuned for updates!

FOR ROHAN & AARON:

Please check your assignments and grades in ASSIGNMENTS.md

## Atlas Info
@TODO(aaronhma, rohan): Update

![Loading...](./svg/loader/material.svg) Loading...

## Getting Started Guide
@TODO(rohan): write docs
**The Docs: For Testing**

To start: Go to the HoneyComb Folder 

Execute Command: **Python** Server.py 

This starts the Server

On your command Prompt you will see a number

Go to localhost:{} Instead of putting {} put the number that u get

**INFO**

Usually the NUmber will be 5000

**ERROR HANDLING WITH HOSTS**

If it goes to another website, go to HoneyComb's Server.py and in App.run change the Port to another number ( The Number You will see in the Command Prompt ) 

To change in do this : **Port = {number}** : where nuumber is the port number you want

**Short Cut for LocalHost**

What you can do is copy the link or **Windows**: Control/Alt + Click **Mac** Control + Click **Linux**: Control/C + Control/V

@TODO: Rohan make docs for OnBoard, Aaron supply OS for machine running the code

**Website**


**TADA** You will see the website.

[If you still get errors contact the honeycomb writer] (mailto:rohanf6219@gmail.com)

@TODO(aaronhma): figure out a way to access firebolt internal

![Loading...](./svg/loader/material.svg) Loading...

## Examples
@TODO(rohan): write docs

@TODO(aaronhma): create atlas examples

## Atlas Status
| Component    | Status           | Submitted By  |  Remarks  |
| ------------ |   -------------  | -----         | ----      |
| Stage 1      | ![Build Passing](./svg/build/passing.svg) | aaronhma | Passed.     |
| Stage 2      | ![Build Failing](./svg/build/failing.svg) | aaronhma | Failed.     |
| Stage 3      | ![Build Failing](./svg/build/failing.svg) | aaronhma | Failed.     |
| Honeycomb    | ![Build Passing](./svg/build/passing.svg) | rohan    | Passed.     |
| SkyHawk      | ![Build Failing](./svg/build/running.svg) | aaronhma, rohan | Building.....     |
| Skyforce     | ![Build Passing](./svg/build/passing.svg) | aaronhma, rohan | Passed.     |
| PTurtle      | ![Build Passing](./svg/build/passing.svg) | rohan    | Passed.     |

[Information not correct? Contact maintainer to correct](mailto:hi@aaronhma.com)

**Combined with mini-projects: Skyforce, PTurtle and more!**
